# about Git
## Git is a version control system (DVCS) that stores data in a file system made up of snapshots. When you commit a changed version of your project, Git creates a snapshot of the file and stores a reference to it. Git only stores a reference to the previously stored identical version of the file if it has not changed. Also, Git relies heavily on local operations because the majority of required information can be found in local resources. Because a project's history resides on the local disk, there is no need to fetch history information from the server, allowing one to continue working on a project even when not online or connected to a VPN.
# Git's history
## In 2002, the developers of this project began using a DVCS called BitKeeper. Many of these developers stopped using this DVCS in 2005 due to disagreements between the Linux kernel community and the company behind BitKeeper, as well as the eventual revocation of the DVCS's free status. As a result, Linus Torvalds, the Linux kernel's chief architect,began creating Git. Git was designed with the goal of creating a DVCS with a workflow design similar to BitKeeper, which was also fast. Git allowed for non-linear development via multiple branches, could support large projects, had strong mechanisms to prevent corruption, and had a simple design. Git has grown to become one of the most widely used Version Control Systems in the world since its inception in 2005.
# Note(1)
## after setting up a Git Repository you have first to import and clon(like a copy)
# Note(2)
# there are many commands in git but in the main time, the most important command are A-C-P which are adding,commeting and push to save a copy
